Update the Kiva GraphicsContext documentation (#644)
enthought/enable: docs/source/kiva/quickref.rst

.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.line_set
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.rect
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.rects
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.curve_to
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.quad_curve_to
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.arc
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.arc_to

Drawing functions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.draw_path
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.fill_path
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.eof_fill_path
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.stroke_path
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.draw_rect
.. automethod:: kiva.abstract_graphics_context.AbstractGraphicsContext.draw_image

Enhanced drawing functions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
.. note::

>    These methods are not available from every backend, so you should text for

Author: Typo: text -> test

CompiledPath
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> A path is a colection of geometry that can be draw in a graphics context with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A path is a collection of geometry that can be drawn in a graphics context with
```

State functions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * ``save_state()``

Reviewer: The bullet points probably aren't needed here and below.

path_flags:
    path_flags, path_flags_ccw, path_flags_close, path_flags_cw,
    path_flags_mask, path_flags_none

Graphics Context
----------------

Construction
~~~~~~~~~~~~
__init__(ary_or_size, pix_format="bgra32", interpolation="nearest", base_pixel_scale=1.0):
    ``ary_or_size`` can be either a numpy array or a tuple of the form
    (width, height). If it is an array, it will be used as the backing store
    for the pixels. **Its shape must be compatible with ``pix_format``**

    ``pix_format`` determines the pixel format and is a string which can be any
    of the following: "gray8", "rgb555", "rgb565", "rgb24", "bgr24", "rgba32",
    "argb32", "abgr32", "bgra32".

>     ``interpolation`` determines the interpolation used by scaled image drawing

Reviewer 2: ~not sure why we removed this from the docstring.~ looks like this isnt available consistently across the various supported backends.

* ``begin_page()``
* ``end_page()``
* ``clear_rect(rect)``

>     Clears a rect. Not available in the PDF backend,

Reviewer: Possibly the postscript backend as well?
